Making initialization state clearer (#3962)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: CHANGELOG.md

### ⬆️ Improved
- Offline data is clear after the user is disconnect by calling `ChatClient.disconnect(true)`. [#3917](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/3917)
- Adding logs to understand more about unrecoverable errors in socket connection. [#3946](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/3946)

> - Added in the ChatClient.initializationState. Now you can check when the current state of the intialization progress. [#3962](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/3962)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added in the ClientState.initializationState. Now you can check when the current state of the intialization progress. [#3962](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/3962)
```

> - Added in the ClientState.initializationState. Now you can check when the current state of the intialization progress. [#3962](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/3962)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the ClientState.initializationState. Now you can check when the current state of the initialization progress. [#3962](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/3962)
```

> - Refactor in the initialization state. Now you can check when the current state of the intialization progress and check if an error happened. [#3962](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/3962)

Reviewer 2: Can we add more info here? Let's mention which property was added/changed

Reviewer: This text need to be updated, There is not "an error" state now
